Update "Get started with tasks" (#3763)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/v2.2/process-data/get-started.md

## Process or transform your data

The purpose of tasks is to automatically process or transform data in some way
at regular intervals.
Data processing can include operations such as downsampling data, detecting
anomalies, sending notifications, and more.

{{% note %}}
#### Use offset to account for latent data

Use the `offset` task option to account for potentially latent data (like data from edge devices).
A task that runs at one hour intervals (`every: 1h`) with an offset of five minutes (`offset: 5m`)
executes 5 minutes after the hour, but queries data from the original one hour interval.
{{% /note %}}

> The example below illustrates a task that downsamples data by calculating the average of set intervals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The task example below downsamples data by calculating the average of set intervals.
```

It uses [`aggregateWindow()`](/{{< latest "flux" >}}/stdlib/universe/aggregatewindow/)
to group points into 5 minute windows and calculate the average of each
window with [`mean()`](/{{< latest "flux" >}}/stdlib/universe/mean/).

```js
option task = {name: "downsample_5m_precision", every: 1h, offset: 0m}

from(bucket: "example-bucket")
    |> range(start: -task.every)
    |> filter(fn: (r) => r._measurement == "mem" and r.host == "myHost")
    |> aggregateWindow(every: 5m, fn: mean)
```

_See [Common tasks](/influxdb/v2.2/process-data/common-tasks) for examples of tasks commonly used with InfluxDB._

## Define a destination

In the vast majority of task use cases, once data is transformed, it needs to be sent and stored somewhere.

> This could be a separate InfluxDB measurement or bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The destination could be a separate InfluxDB measurement or bucket.
```
